                                 Terms of Service
The Software Subscription Service is a paid value-added service and you must fully agree to all of the following Terms of Service and complete the payment in order to receive the service.

General
The software user is a user who is willing to accept the software user agreement and use the software service under the terms of the software.
The software subscription service is a paid value-added service provided by the software for the user, and the user can enjoy the relevant services provided by the user after paying the relevant fee to the software.

service fee
The software will provide different discounts according to the user's purchase method and month. The specific offer information is subject to the content on the payment page. The service period of this service is based on the period of time you choose and pay the corresponding service.
The software has the right to adjust the fee standard at any time according to the actual situation. For any adjustment of the software service tariff standard, the software will be announced at least one month in advance and will take effect on the date of the agreement. Users who purchase services according to the original tariff before the agreed date will not be affected by the eligibility and service during the period of purchase before the tariff adjustment, and there is no need to pay the difference; the payment will be made after the agreed date, and the user who purchases the paid service shall Payment is made in accordance with the updated tariff.
The user shall confirm the updated and revised terms of service of the software during the publicity period. For the change of the terms of service and service fees, the user has the following options:
No longer use the subscription service.
If the user does not make any representations and continues to use the software to subscribe to the service, the user is deemed to have accepted the changes to the terms of service and services.
If the user agrees to the changed content, after the publicity period, the software will provide services to the user based on the latest terms of service and service price.

Service Content:
The software will provide members with a variety of proprietary value-added membership services.
The software has the right to adjust the service content at any time according to the actual situation.

Service opening and termination:
You should use Apple's in-app purchase (in-app purchase) to open the service after paying a certain fee. After the service is opened, it cannot be transferred or unsubscribed.
You may not open the Service for yourself or others by any of the following means:
To open this service for yourself or others for the purpose of non-personal use such as profit, business, etc.;
Open this service for yourself or others through any program or software such as robot software, spider software, crawler software, and screen printing software;
Advising yourself or others through any improper means or in violation of the principles of good faith;
Advance the Service for yourself or others by means other than those specified by the Software;
Advance the service for yourself or others by infringing the software or the legal rights of others;
This service is opened for yourself or others through other violations of relevant laws, administrative regulations, and national policies.

Service Term
The service period of this service is based on the period of time you choose and pay the corresponding service fee. You can also log in to the App Store or the corresponding page of this service.

User rights and obligations:
The user enjoys the corresponding value-added service of the software during the validity period of the payment.
The user can actively terminate the service within the validity period of the payment, but does not bear the refund of the fee related to the remaining validity period.
The user shall bear the legal responsibility for making and distributing information through the software. Users' use of the software service, including free services and value-added services, shall comply with the laws and regulations of the People's Republic of China.

The rights and obligations of the software
The software is obligated to ensure that the paid service is smooth, and when a technical failure causes the payment service to be impeded, the software should be trouble-shooted as soon as possible.
The software notifies and announces paid users through various methods such as software system notification, short message notification, and email notification.
The software does not assume any responsibility for the interruption or other defects of the payment service due to force majeure, but will try to reduce the losses and impacts caused to the paying users.
If the user deliberately acts to damage the software, the software user or the paid user's legitimate rights during the use of the software service or the software's paid service, the software has the right to cancel the user's paid user qualification without any compensation. And reserves the right to further pursue the legal liability of the act.
If the user violates the laws and regulations of the People's Republic of China in the process of using the software service or the software paid service, the software has the right to cancel the user's paid user qualification without any compensation, and the actor must bear all the costs. responsibility.

other
The interpretation, validity and resolution of the Terms of Service apply to the laws of the People's Republic of China.
Legal disputes arising out of the user's use of the software are not related to the software.
The software can be continuously improved in accordance with the different stages of the development of the software, with the continuous enrichment of management experience and the purpose of maintaining the order of use of the software.
All paid users of this software must complete the agreement to the full content of these terms.